all right
box numbers on power shots in round four
Tarver eight out of 22 and Jones 11 out
of 19 Harold Lederman gets Jones off the
snide giving him a round for the first
time on the Letterman score Club for all
copy box numbers in the pike favorite
arbor but this is the way that Jones
wanted to fight to go I've been nagging
at the top of judge Bob they want to try
to use his speed
good job
Jones comes back in Lander
riding him
as if the say I'm probably superior
job as I vow
he has more speed the destino Tommy has
a style that matters
clean shot
you can take a punch I think better
that's a big destiny Jones's shots were
blocked there now Tarver goes back to
his job
speeds up to say you didn't hurt me and
made it just a lambda combo in return so
far Joneses slept the underside of his
foot stuck at his taunt Tut Tarbert and
they've had a few exchanges
UFOs of right
looks very fast and flashy because of
the
been in his body to his left
don't trying to fight his way off
and his three fight for them 30 October
and he gets it done not previously has
Jones been able to punch his way away
from the look that time he did lands a
right hand
barber misses over the top of the slow
lazy left top of the Rocky River from
twos out her
zones ducking the left grinning grinning
you would think from the look on Jones's
face
pitching the shutout here
maybe he thinks he can influence the
judges
something big up there
much more willing now to throw punches
off the rope
and with the uppercuts he creates space
and moves away
groans as often gone to the ropes to
create offense he hadn't done that
before and either of the first two
fights with four straight cabs Carver's
landed making five jabs in a row when
they get credit for
lonely people dream
why do keeping this on
now he's looking to the body we shall
get come on baby
however throws a combination of punches
on the ropes perhaps one of them landed
cleanly to the body later maybe Tarver
expecting jones not to punch back those
punches back